Install Nothing, Enjoy Everything.


No Software Required.

Works on a Mac, works on a PC. Use our Webclient without relying on Flash plugins or Java applets, those things are buggy and expose you to security risks. HTML 5 is available in all modern browsers, we already have all the technology we need. And since there isn't anything you need to install, you can log on from your office even if you can't install new software.


Stay Private, Game Securely.

Almost every other text game out there would have you connect via telnet over a completely unencrypted connection. Our webclient allows you to login and play over a 256-bit AES encrypted connection. That's the same tech that protects your purchases online. Office firewall keep you from playing other games? Try our Webclient using secure mode -- 9 times out of 10, it gets through.


What Was That Command?

Type a few characters and Command Hints will popup, specific to your role in Sindome (guests, players and staff). Forgetting a command doesn't have to be so frustrating for experienced players and new players can find commands much easier than ever.


We Remember Input For You, Wholesale.

Some telnet clients remember your commands as you play. Unfortunately, as soon as you close the program, all that history is gone. Our Webclient remembers the last 2000 commands you've entered. Browser crash? Power failure? No problem, we use HTML 5's local storage API and (once again) your modern web browser to keep those commands as long as you want us to.


Lucid Logging. Full Color.

Every time you disconnect from the game, you're giving an option to save your experience as an HTML-based log file. This keeps the full context of what you said and what you witnessed. Every color we support is preserved exactly as it was.


A Secret Weapon, Staff Tested.

Our Webclient isn't just built for players. We manage the game using the Webclient every day. One of the most powerful features for the staff is the Webclient's popup editor that lets us edit object properties and commands. This makes it much easier for us to draft notes on your roleplaying, review your history, write new features and understand whats going on in the inner workings of the game.


Other Features:
<ul>
  <li>Automatically remembers your login details</li>
  <li>Full ANSI Color support like other telnet clients</li>
  <li>Works on iPad / iPhone enough to check in when you're away from your Computer</li>
</ul>